README.md, before:

# Olympus [![Packagist version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/crewstyle/olympus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/crewstyle/olympus)  

---

_**Olympus** is a simple, easy to use and powerfull **framework** to deploy and work with **WordPress**. An awesome framework build with ♥ for **WordPress developers**._  

---

[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/crewstyle/olympus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/crewstyle/olympus) 
[![GitHub version](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/crewstyle/Olympus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/crewstyle/Olympus) 
![For WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/for-WordPress-00aadc.svg?style=flat-square) 
~ ![With GruntJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/with-GruntJS-fba919.svg?style=flat-square) 
![With Bower](https://img.shields.io/badge/with-Bower-ffcc2f.svg?style=flat-square)  

---

**The goal of the Olympus team is to work actively on the project of the same name.**  
Here are all the links you need:

[Github project repository](https://github.com/crewstyle/Olympus)  
[Salt Bountysource page](https://salt.bountysource.com/teams/olympus)  
[Bountysource page](https://www.bountysource.com/teams/olympus)  
[Documentation](https://olympus.readme.io/)

---

### What's inside?

--

### Olympus Zeus [![Packagist version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/crewstyle/olympus-zeus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/crewstyle/olympus-zeus) 

**The Olympus Zeus library allows you to easily add professional looking theme options panels to your WordPress website.**

Easier for administrators **and** developers, the interface is thought to be the most user-friendly. The **Olympus Zeus** adds some extra interface customisations to make your life easier. Developers can now create new admin panels with just a couple lines of codes. All is made to allow non-developer profiles to easily create the settings they need to customise their templates.

**The Olympus Zeus is built with ♥ for WordPress v3.x/4.x and uses the WordPress built-in pages.**

Custom post types, custom terms, here is the simpliest way to create custom content types to your **WordPress** website. A new experience with dashicons, complete customisable backend panels, custom fields and datas saved in DB as the good way. The **Olympus Zeus** uses the **WordPress** Media Manager too: a beautiful interface where you can create galleries faster with drag-and-drop reordering, inline caption editing, and simplified controls.

**A better search engine, real related contents, highly smart algorithms. The Olympus Zeus offers you full of functionalities.**

The **Olympus Zeus** works has deeply integrated ElasticSearch search engine features to creates scaleable, real-time search for your website by indexing all your datas millions of times a day. Related contents works by the same way. The **Olympus Zeus** is upgraded every day with new features you can use as you need.

--

### Olympus Hera [![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/crewstyle/OlympusHera.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/crewstyle/OlympusHera) 

**Makes your WordPress better, faster and more user-friendly.**

Contains all jQuery scripts and Less css styles to make your **WordPress** admin panel works with the Olympus Zeus library.  
The **Olympus Hera** library provides 4 **WordPress** admin panel themes that you can set in your profile. You can use them easily by installing the Olympus Zeus library in your **WordPress** theme.

**Easy to include for developers.**

The **Olympus Hera** library is made with GruntJS and bower. So you can easily use the `bower install --save olympus.hera` or `npm install olympus.hera` to install it in your project.

---

### Documentation

[To learn more about the **Olympus WordPress framework**, read the docs](https://olympus.readme.io/).  
The **Olympus WordPress framework** uses [ReadMe.io](https://readme.io) which was built entirely on Open Source projects.

---

### All we need is looooooooooooove :)

[![Salt Bountysource page](https://img.shields.io/badge/Salt%20Bountysource-♥-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://salt.bountysource.com/teams/olympus) [![Bountysource page](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bountysource-♥-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.bountysource.com/teams/olympus)  
Guys, do **not** hesitate to spread your love about the **Olympus WordPress framework** and **all its packages** ;)

---

### Authors and Copyright

**Achraf Chouk**

+ http://fr.linkedin.com/in/achrafchouk/
+ http://twitter.com/crewstyle
+ http://github.com/crewstyle

Please, read [LICENSE](https://github.com/crewstyle/Olympus/blob/master/LICENSE "LICENSE") for more details.  
[![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT_License-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT "MIT")  

---

**Built with ♥ by [Achraf Chouk](http://github.com/crewstyle "Achraf Chouk") ~ (c) since 2015.**

Commit message:

add capistrano integration, with Capfile and Gemfile, and rakes to update server(s) when it's needed

README.md, after:

# Olympus [![Packagist version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/crewstyle/olympus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/crewstyle/olympus)  

---

_**Olympus** is a simple, easy to use and powerfull **framework** to deploy and work with **WordPress**. An awesome framework build with ♥ for **WordPress developers**._  

---

[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/crewstyle/olympus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/crewstyle/olympus) 
[![GitHub version](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/crewstyle/Olympus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/crewstyle/Olympus) 
![For WordPress](https://img.shields.io/badge/for-WordPress-00aadc.svg?style=flat-square) 
~ ![With Composer](https://img.shields.io/badge/with-Composer-885630.svg?style=flat-square) 
![With Capistrano](https://img.shields.io/badge/with-Capistrano-52c1db.svg?style=flat-square)  

---

To follow more about the project and help if you want:

[Github project repository](https://github.com/crewstyle/Olympus)  
[Salt Bountysource page](https://salt.bountysource.com/teams/olympus)  
[Bountysource page](https://www.bountysource.com/teams/olympus)  
[Documentation](https://olympus.readme.io/)

---

### Requirements

The **Olympus framework** needs [**composer**](https://getcomposer.org/) to be installed.  
Just follow the instructions to install it in your working environments.

---

### Optional

The **Olympus framework** also works with [**capistrano**](http://capistranorb.com/) if you need it.  
Just follow the instructions to install it in your working environments.

---

### Installation

_In progress_

---

### What's inside?

[**Olympus Zeus**](https://github.com/crewstyle/OlympusZeus)  
A library allows you to easily add professional looking theme options panels to your WordPress website.  
[![Packagist version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/crewstyle/olympus-zeus.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/crewstyle/olympus-zeus)

[**Olympus Hera**](https://github.com/crewstyle/OlympusHera)  
The framework core system used to make all libraries work efficiently.  
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/crewstyle/OlympusHera.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/crewstyle/OlympusHera)

---

### Documentation

[To learn more about the **Olympus WordPress framework**, read the docs](https://olympus.readme.io/).  
The **Olympus WordPress framework** uses [ReadMe.io](https://readme.io) which was built entirely on Open Source projects.

---

### All we need is looooooooooooove :)

[![Salt Bountysource page](https://img.shields.io/badge/Salt%20Bountysource-♥-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://salt.bountysource.com/teams/olympus) [![Bountysource page](https://img.shields.io/badge/Bountysource-♥-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.bountysource.com/teams/olympus)  
Guys, do **not** hesitate to spread your love about the **Olympus WordPress framework** and **all its packages** ;)

---

### Authors and Copyright

**Achraf Chouk**

+ http://fr.linkedin.com/in/achrafchouk/
+ http://twitter.com/crewstyle
+ http://github.com/crewstyle

Please, read [LICENSE](https://github.com/crewstyle/Olympus/blob/master/LICENSE "LICENSE") for more details.  
[![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT_License-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT "MIT")  

---

**Built with ♥ by [Achraf Chouk](http://github.com/crewstyle "Achraf Chouk") ~ (c) since 2015.**
